[Music]
Since his first invasion of
Ukraine in 2014, Russian
President Vladimir Putin has been organizing the
international army games every year, a true
[Music] show
of force
in
2022,
tank biathlon,
obstacle course, relay race,
demining and even a
dance competition in 2022.
37 friendly countries are invited to the international army games in the middle of the Ukrainian war
almost all unlien internal
sanctions
[music]
for the head of russia a welcome
opportunity to show the world that his
country is not alone, that it
has powerful allies [music] in a super-
user war, the relations between
China Russia and Iran nourish a
thought we have to work together and
the  united against western domination
one country alone is
too weak for that
[music]
on February 24,
2022 Ukraine wakes up to the
roar of Russian
tanks with his invasion,
Vladimir Putin brings the war back to
Europe,
we are waging a war and we are
forced to react  We are fighting on
the territory of Ukraine with the West,
more precisely, the West is fighting against
us, the Ukrainians are a poor,
deceived people, they have become
cannon fodder, we feel sorry for them,
but we are not fighting against Ukraine,
we are fighting against NATO and against the
West and  We will
win since Putin became president for the first time in 2000.
He has only one goal:
Russia should become a world power again.
Russia is not Russia if
it remains limited to its national borders.
It must exercise control over the
areas that it considers its legitimate territory from the time of the
Zahenreich
Considers it normal for Russia
to invade another European country and destroy the
future plans of the Ukrainian people,
something we have not seen in Europe for a very
long time.
Putin justifies his attack
by saying that the NATO military bases of the
Western defense alliance are getting
closer and closer to Russia's borders
and pen and
recorded where American
missiles are stationed in Europe he said look
the West is circling us he wants to
intimidate us he threatens
us Putin always sees himself in the
position of the victim of the
attacked never in that of the attacker we
have been lied to for a long time and  said
NATO expansion does not threaten us, the
countries joining NATO would be
more friendly,
we are tired of these lies, we
now say what we want to say and what we
think, NATO is an alliance of
aggressors, now we are punishing this
bandit organization, we do not allow
the area of ​​control
to be expanded, some claim that NATO
has  Putin is provoked by its constant
expansion,
but NATO has
n't
expanded at all, but rather the former
Soviet states have moved closer to the West,
Ukraine has given up on the leash
and wants to go to
Europe, it's not NATO that is moving
east, but Ukraine that is moving
west, who is starting the war
If you want to understand Ukraine, you must not forget that
the Kremmel assumed a victory within
72 hours.
It was less about
taking over the country than about overthrowing the
Ukrainian government, which they wanted to
replace with a pro-Russian one.
Paratroopers were supposed to
drive out the incumbent government,
arrest or eliminate it
the United
Nations vote on March 2,
2022 votes from 193 states 52 do not support
condemnation of Russian
aggression after the vote, the
cards of the supporting countries are open on
the table, especially the abstention of
China and Iran worries the West,
but I have to be honest  that I
wonder why the Chinese
positioning so far does not include a
call to the aggressor Russia
to stop the war.
In response to the war,
China has tried to set up a third front
traveled to Africa to
convince certain states not to vote in the UN General Assembly
for condemnation of Russia and
corresponding sanctions.
Since the beginning of the Russian
war of aggression in Ukraine,
Iran has either abstained or voted against
UN sanctions and condemnation of
Russia
since the summer of 2022
It is increasingly supporting Russia
militarily. On June 18,
2022, the Russian President's plane lands
in
Tehran. Putin's first major
state visit since the attack on
Ukraine. A warm handshake with
religious leader Khamene in the presence of the
ultra-conservative President
R. The meeting gives an idea of ​​how important it is
ورت م
is not alone, the West
tried with all its might to
isolate Russia and to establish an
international alliance,
despite everything, there are countries that cooperate with
Russia.
Iran was a
safe candidate for him, he knew that Teran
would be a willing partner [music] Putin wanted  demonstrate the good relations
but he also needed
something from Iran like conventional weapons
so he asked for help and got it
when Putin urgently
needed military material, especially cheap
drones, he turned to Iran and Iran
benefited from it. Iran apparently has
revolutionary Gadists in Crimea  and
sent to Russia and to train the
Russian armed forces in dealing with
the threats
so that Teran sent soldiers for the first time to
areas outside of its usual
area of ​​influence in the Middle East.
Iran clearly chooses
a
side. However, Russia receives the greatest support
from China and
President Shi Jinping
Weeks before the attack on Ukraine,
Putin flies to Beijing
[Music]
解決烏克蘭危機的鑰匙
在美國和北約手中
就想在的烏克蘭問題那麼美國和北直Of course China does
n't like the war,
but there too  Nobody talks about
war like in Russia it is called
special military operation or
intervention because in the imagination of
Chinese foreign policy the
troublemakers are always the West and the
USA. The Chinese are cautious but
they have a strategic interest
in the Russian system continuing. They
want stability in Russia  and
that means for you that Putin remains in
power
February 22 Putin is officially
in Beijing to take part in the opening ceremony of the
Winter Olympics
but behind the scenes he is seeking the
support of his Chinese
counterpart SH Jinping and sealing
a historic partnership with him  Prior to this,
we know that we We can
rely completely on China,
but above all we are united
in our efforts to build an
economically more stable and fairer
world. In
this declaration, the
state leaders lay the foundations of this
new world  Since, above all, the
common fight against the West,
they also provide their definition of
human rights and
democracy. They each lay
claim to historically legitimate
zones of influence and question the
basic principles of international law,
which were agreed upon after the Second
World War to ensure peace
and embody universal
law  which is anchored in the map of the United
Nations and the Declaration of Human Rights.
The first paragraphs are a
direct attack on
universalism because they redefine the
concept of human rights in
order to justify that
human rights are an imposed
concept of the West and it is right to
advocate one's own version  Of course, it is
highly prematic when authoritarian
states that violate human rights
present themselves as defenders of human rights. This can cause confusion in some countries
and needs to be clarified urgently
Partnership,
they all say, together we can create
this new alliance between China,
the second largest economic power, and
the huge military power. Russia,
together with others, could change the existing
world order provided they
join forces. This is where
the third partner comes into
play. In an alliance, you always need
a partner  who does what the others
officially cannot do and that is
Iran.
The war in Ukraine brings to light the
connections between Russia, China and
Iran.
It reveals a parallel
economic alliance at the center of which is the
Iranian regime with its
shadow fleets. Thanks to this
cooperation, Russia can international
Avoiding economic sanctions Iran has been sanctioned
by the USA for decades because of its illegal nuclear program
and
also by the
EU for many years. Russia wants to know how it can
circumvent the sanctions imposed on it.
Iran has sent advisors to Russia
to share its 30-40 years of
experience in circumventing sanctions
Passing on Russians in this
regard, Iran is now a
professional there is mkt and there are sanctions from
the
USA that's why the oil trade can hardly be
controlled that we use to
sell our
oil they form fleets that are 100%
Russian and have no connection
to western companies
no insurance no shipping
nothing all trade takes place without
western
currency I'm not in the money yes
Russia has a so-called
shadow fleet of
tankers we bought them all over the world
while they were
busy doing nonsense to
block Russia yes we have about 600 tankers
Our petroleum products can be transported to any place
on earth.
This allowed
Russia to export its oil at a
lower price without leaving a trace
is above this
absurd upper limit that the idiots from
the G7 countries have set.
We load the oil at night in
certain
places. We also load it onto
French
tankers. At least 20 of the
tankers already used by Iran are now
illegally exporting Russian
oil. The main buyer is none other
than
China  Volume constantly growing by
40% in 2023 Americans and Europeans believe
they could beat their opponents with economic sanctions,
but they are wrong,
they overestimate their
possibilities. Historically,
sanctions have never
worked. They are of no use.
The Russian and Chinese
economies complement each other
perfectly. China needs large ones  Amounts of
energy and other raw materials and
Russia needs large amounts of
Chinese
industrial products. With
this, the Russian economy has
not collapsed as he hoped, it is
further supporting Putin's war
Dictate of the West
is independent Uzbekistan September 15,
2022 at the annual summit of the Shanghai
Cooperation Organization short Soz
the triangle China Russia Iran comes
out of the shadows
in competition with the existing
international institutions
China and Russia founded the
anti-Western
alliance
Shinping in 2001 and Vladimir Putin decide on
one in 2022
Iran is the
most important country in the Middle East geopolitically and
maintains close diplomatic and
security relations with
Russia and
[Music]
China forces because one country alone
is too weak to break American
hegemony
if Iran, Russia and China
consolidate their relations and present themselves to the
rest of the world as an alternative model,
then the
creation of new international
institutions is also part of it
at the
social summit to seal China  and Russia
a pact against the West more inclusive
ideas about an international
legal system from their point of view this is the
answer to more than 30 years of
American and Western
domination. The system was deliberately
designed to guarantee dictators a safe
environment in which no
organization has the right  In order to intervene in the
internal affairs of other countries,
it is not possible for the
SoC to also deal with defense issues in the future.
In the Chinese media controlled by the party,
the surprising accession
of Iran is celebrated and a new
term is coined: China, Russia and Iran form
an iron triangle, as is well known  The
triangle is the most stable shape once it has been
created. It cannot be destroyed.
In the future, a new wind will blow in the world.
Since the beginning of the Ukrainian war,
the three states are no longer afraid to
clearly express their worldview and ambitions.
Beijing, Moscow and Tehran have never been so united
against a common enemy, the West.
If you want to understand the challenge of this new
alliance, you have to
understand how it came about.
In the three countries, there is
an element that justifies the hatred of the
West.
In Iran, the hatred of
America is based on a concrete
event  In the 19th century,
Russia and Great Britain win over the
Persian Empire and divide it between themselves.
After decolonization, Persia becomes
the monarchy of Iran in 1930, ruled
by a group but
still under Western
influence economically, the country becomes the pillar
of US policy in the Middle East  When
Prime Minister Mossadeek
wants to nationalize Iran's oil sources in 1953,
the CIA organizes a coup to
overthrow him because they fear
the Soviet Union's access
[music]
At this crucial moment,
the Iranians' attitude towards the
USA
changed. At that time, people first heard
words like death  The
US advisors of the Pachla were
rejected by the people from then on, they were downright
hated, the negative attitude and
hostility towards America goes back
to the support of the A for the sh. In
1963, a revolutionary process began in Iran that
reached its climax in 1978  For years,
the USA was the biggest supporter of the
pachlaav
regime, the Iranians had the feeling that
the Americans were opposing the will of the
Iranian people
[applause]
vraiment en faitette Dimension
antiamricaine fameux grand Satan this
anti-American nar V big Satan USA
and the little Satan Israel that the  Since then, the USA
has represented the Middle East and has supported
the Iranian regime with its
foreign policy étr
[applause]
[music]
ir 19 the islamche revol 199 was constructed as an
anti-imperialist anti-American
and anti-Western movement to
free the country from pollution by the West [music].
aatolleni supposedly a descendant of the
Prophet organized
an Islamic revolution from exile in France to
drive out the American people welcomed at home as a liberator.
Rumeni established a religious dictatorship in 1979.
The demonization of the West
had a unifying effect. USA hostility
and the annihilation of Israel were among
the founding principles of those proclaimed by him
Islamic Republic
[Music]
after the death of Rumeni
in 1989, the Ayatolla Chamene takes over his
heir. He also wants to restore the greatness of the
Persian Empire and carry
the Islamic Revolution beyond the
borders
[Music],
the Islamic system
absolutely wants to prevent the Islamic Revolution in Iran
and Gre  In addition,
neighboring countries Ramen sets up an axis
of resistance against Israel and the USA,
he finances militias in Iraq and
Syria but also terrorist groups such as
Hezbolla in Lebanon, Hamas or the
Islamic Jihad in the
Palestinian territories or the Hui in
Yemen, all of which also receive orders from
Teeran
The greatest national humiliation and the
symbol of Western supremacy for
the Chinese regime are the
opium wars that the British waged against the Chinese Empire in the middle of the 19th
century.
Of the many crimes that the
West committed against China, the
opium wars from 1839 onwards were the
worst
of opium to China
after Great Britain
drove countless Chinese people into opium addiction,
American Japanese and
European ships can enter Chinese trading ports thanks to disadvantageous
treaties over the Yangang.
The Western powers have
often behaved unacceptably in colonial history.
Many
colonial states still refer to this
today  This
humiliation narrative is intellectually
comfortable because you can use it to
explain and justify your own aggressive behavior
according to the motto we
didn't start it, we're
just calculating. Mao came to power in 1949 with the declared
goal of saving the communist
revolution and restoring the unity of the
country, that is,
Tibet  and to put Shinjiang in its place
and
to win back lost territories such as Hong Kong, which
is still under British protectorate, and
Taiwan, which has separated from communist
China.
Mao also wants to expand China's zone of influence
in the South China Sea
[Music]
Shinping has continued this legacy since he
took office in 2012  After
subjugating the Uyghurs and silencing the Democrats
in Hong Kong,
he claims
sovereignty over the
South China Sea in defiance of international law and he plans to
retake
Taiwan. We used to be weak
and the Western powers could
humiliate us, but now we are rich
and powerful and do not allow them to
occupy our country again or create
divisions like in the case of
Taiwan while Iran and China derive their
anti-Western leitmotif from the
humiliations of the colonial era
is the Russian trauma of a more recent nature
Vladimir Putin has experienced it himself
he is in as a kgboficier  Dresden when
the Wall
fell in 1989, ending the Cold War between
communist Russia and
liberal America and the Soviet Union
[music]
disintegrating as a result of which
the Eastern Bloc states regained their independence in 1991.
The Union of
Soviet Socialist Republics
disintegrated. 14 republics, including
Ukraine, declared their independence
For him, independence was a shock that
shattered his identity.
He perceived it as a deep humiliation
and insult to the Russian
people and so he came to
power with the promise to help Russia regain its former
greatness and stability
by giving Russia its
identity as a military one  Regaining a great power
explains the
measures taken since
2000. In 2001, Putin speaks of a
European house. He oscillates between
two orientations for a country that is
partly on the Asian and partly on the
European continent. It is the
eternal dilemma that the Russian elite
has been struggling with for centuries  the
West or with
it since the 19th century,
this question separates the Westerners from the
Slavophiles. The former want to
strengthen Russia through Europeanization while the
others demand cultural demarcation
because the West only spreads capitalism
and decadence
with the end of the Zahrenreich
and the October Revolution of 1917
The communists have a
collectivist model in which the
West is already considered the greatest enemy.
After the Second
World War, Stalin stands next to the USA as the great
winner. He sticks to communism
during the course of the Cold War.
Both systems struggle for
world domination. This legacy drives Putin
to each  The new empire has its
history of humiliation,
it is often based on facts but is
exaggerated, mythologized,
instrumentalized and even
rewritten to turn the people against the
West.
Due to their
anti-American past,
China, Russia and Iran create a common
ideology based on nationalism, revenge
and imperialism, it promotes
each other  Rapprochement and drives
Russia and Iran towards the east towards
China When the Soviet Union collapses,
Ayatollah Khamenei has been in power for just a year and a half
The Chinese regime is stifling
the calls for more democracy with the
massacre on Tianan
Square The dictatorships fear the
freedom consciousness in the
newly emerged  sovereign
states suddenly there was
only one superpower in the world, the USA, which
became the world police and the only
country that was able to defend its values
and pursue its interests.
In the West, by the way,
many people think that the rest of the world should adopt these values
In Europe, the
hegemony of the USA is evident through NATO. It
was founded in 1949 to counteract Soviet
expansion.
In 1996, Beijing feared infection
from the democratic movement. At the
same time, Moscow feared the expansion
of NATO, so both ended their
conflicts and formed
the Shanghai Five Im  In 2001, a
joint effort against the
West, unnoticed by the world,
China and Russia laid the foundation for
a collaboration whose effects
no one could imagine at the time
and it was clear that a new
center of the world was emerging and that we
had to reposition ourselves - the Shanghai
organization was not at that time
An alternative system to the West was
created against the West but for the East. At the beginning it was not
directed against the West, but since the West
has pursued an increasingly hostile policy, today
these countries have economic
problems, partly because of the West they
have political problems  Because of the
West, you clearly see yourself
in opposition to the West
at the peak of its power, it is
hardly conceivable for the USA that the
opponents of its hegemony would join forces.
In June 1997, Senator Joe Biden traveled
to Moscow to reassure Russia about NATO's
eastern expansion  the
return he declares the idea of
a Russian-Chinese rapprochement
to be
nonsense said that we do China
[music]
the American
political advisor takes a possible
rapprochement
since 1997 he has warned the US government of
a geopolitical
fiasco the worst scenario would be a
grand alliance of China and Russia
maybe Iran because of the common
hatred of the
[music]
USA In 2001, the informal group of
the Shanghai 5 became the international
Shanghai Organization for
Cooperation, in short soz,
a forum for all countries in Eurasia that do
not share the American ideology
[music]
Russia appears under the newly
elected  President Putin immediately
contacted Iran and also sought proximity to China
Khamenei suggested to his Chinese
counterpart the formation of an
anti-Eastern axis with Russia and
also asked to be included in the Social Security Council,
but Iran was still
rejected. Iran was an outsider
in the eyes of the international community because of its nuclear program
Because for the Western world
that was the biggest threat it
posed. For a while, a
constructive dialogue seemed
possible. America and Iran cooperated on the
nuclear program, but after
September 11, 2001, George Bush described
Iran as part of the axis of evil alongside
North Korea and Iraq  Iran is banned from the
international community
Iran saw that it
had to look for other partners such as Central Asia
Russia and China to develop common
concepts
and so the idea
of ​​a strategic threesome ir Russ and
[music]
China Russia and Iran see China
as the new center of the  In the world behind
closed doors, the
communist regime achieved a
surprising rise. It
took no responsibility internationally and
gained strength and
developed in the background. This was achieved through
economic growth and the establishment of
trade and economic relations with
the
West. The USA and Europe did
not see China's economic growth as a threat at the time
Then something
remarkable happened: they
supported China. We looked with amazement.
Apparently they thought China wanted to become more
capitalist, pro-Western,
democratic and therefore more cooperative.
We looked on with amazement. The
Americans have created a powerful
competitor. You can see the
intellectual abilities of the
American eLED.
Everyone thought China would  benefit so much from
globalization that it would
no longer question our world order, i.e. what we represent,
but then the Americans realized
that China wanted to become the leading world power
and that these ambitions corresponded to its
economic status,
as did the other
applications for membership in the EU and the  NATO
judged when Georgia and Ukraine
submitted their application in 2008, he found
clear
[music]
words in April 2008 a NATO
Russia summit was called to allay Putin's
fears
[music]
a few months later Russia invaded
Georgia and threatened the
[  Music]
[Music]
Ukraine 2012 Putin is re-elected
SH Jin Ping takes over the party leadership
and presidency in China on Putin's
60th birthday the
heads of state get to know each other together they expand
the Soz into a war machine against
the West
when shining came to power he was
relative
unknown he sealed off the party,
ended the political debate in China
and brutally suppressed the opposition party under the
guise of fighting corruption.
Putin found this kind of
power from practice admired.
They admire each other
for how they deal with domestic political
problems and keep their own system
in power
That has the highest priority for autocratic regimes
[music]
in the USA there is the term bromance
for a male friendship, these two
men clearly have a
bromance, two fairly isolated autocrats
who, in view of the huge
changes in the world, see their chance
to transform the entire political
landscape
Even at the first meeting, an
ideological unity becomes clear that will
deepen over the years
[music]
Both will have the same aversion
to
democracy. Democracy disrupts the internal
order. For them, democracy is what
the Western states
want to impose on the rest of the world
already excellent relations with the
previous leaders of
China they were of a friendly nature
the relationship with Shi Jin Ping is, in my
opinion, even better they
understand each other they trust
each other they have the same or
similar views on the future of the
world they have found each other they get
along  On a personal level
and share the same interests, both
want to reshape the international order. In
their opinion, the
times in which democracies or the
West determine the future of the world are
over. Now is the time for the
emergence of new empires, if you
can put it like that, but 2012 is busy for both of them
first the outbreak of the civil war
in Syria
[music]
in the wake of the Arab Spring,
now the Syrian dictator Basar
al-Assad also sees his regime in danger
[music]
China and Russia are very worried because they
saw autocrats being deposed,
what happened there could also be
with you
That's what scared them the most.
They asked themselves if the USA
and Europe now wanted to overthrow all dictatorships,
what would happen to
us? Since the uprisings began in the
Arab countries, the
West has been supporting the national
democratic movements, but then
the USA withdrew despite exceeding the limits
red line
back ass regime was seriously endangered at this
point
that's why it used chemical weapons
against its own civilian population
while the Syrian regime
brutally oppressed its own population
and killed thousands
ir mobilized the militias of its Axis
of Resistance and asked Moscow for
military
support Russia and Iran were able to
Iran intervened directly with the help of
Hezbolla and combat groups under the
Syrian flag on the ground and Russia
with continuous bombing through which entire
cities
were destroyed. What happened in Syria was a
harbinger of the later alliance between Iran,
Russia and
China. Syria was the scene of the first
joint military action by Iran and
Russia in  In its distress, the Assad
regime called on its two major allies,
Iran and
Russia, of course, the two spoke to each other
and coordinated.
They agreed, in their own
interest, to save Commander Basar al-Assad
and to wipe out any democratic opposition - something
that has never
happened before  Coordinated combat operations
between pro-Iranian forces on the ground
and Russian forces in the air, sometimes
separately and together,
[music]
In order to further push back the influence of the USA in the region,
Russia
and China are relying on a coordinated blockade
strategy in the UN
Security Council, where both have a say in
global issues
China and Russia have vetoed all resolutions presented in the Security Council.
Nobody understood why the peace-
loving China,
which
at least formally respects the principles of international law, vetoed it with Russia.
Both states use this strategy
and block every resolution with their joint
veto  Assat's actions
condemned Russia and China are trying to
influence international agreements in their favor
applies especially to the Organization for
the Prohibition of Chemical
Weapons Here Russia China and
Iran represent a common position that
aims to prevent investigations into the use of
chemical weapons
The West has to
watch helplessly as Bazaar  al-Assad
remains in power despite his crimes, a
failure that is also linked to the unexpectedly
effective alliance in the East.
In 2018, a political
bang sealed Iran's rapprochement with
China and
Russia, a further humiliation of
those who had committed themselves to complying with the
nuclear program agreements
[music]
Donald  Trump has brought the three
heads of state closer together and
accelerated their cooperation while China and Russia
tacitly support the Iranian nuclear program.
Political advisor Binski's warning is coming true. In almost 20
years, Iran, Russia and
China have moved towards each other and positioned themselves against the
West. Now
they are imagining  strategic
triangle China Russia and Iran are practicing
scenarios in which they face what
they see as the greatest threat
and for all three countries that is the
West. That must be clear to us,
so we must be comprehensive
about their systems, their military and
intelligence capabilities and
their intentions  State leaders
also inform in other areas,
the three powers have been combining their forces since the end of the
1990s. The hybrid war
against the West is being fought on all fronts,
visible and
invisible, the goal is to create chaos in the
democracies. Putin blames the USA for the
collapse of the Soviet Union
and is reactivating it  KGB
and its so-called active
measures are
secret service actions intended to
destabilize the West from within,
this is an information war with the
help of disinformation, it is a
cyber war with attacks and
forms of
economic war with corruption and
covert financing are also included to obtain information  In order to
restore the Russian state,
Putin is primarily relying on strengthening
the secret services so that he
can continue to carry out active measures.
It is difficult for us to understand the growing
rivalry between the West and a number of
authoritarian regimes, especially
Russia and China, because we tend to
focus on the topic  To think of war in binary terms:
either there is war or
there is
peace. We have to overcome this dichotomy
because between the state of war and the
state of peace there are many
other states in which we are neither
completely at peace nor completely at war - there
are no tank missiles
or fighter-bombers used but
other
means of combat that is a shadow
war or a non-privileged issue for the United States
The first common front of the three
states is the
information war. After the 1990s,
the regimes in Russia, China
and Iran arm themselves with all weapons  from which they
need for this new form of war state-affiliated media that
are active abroad cyber warriors who
fight daily in the enemy's information systems and trolls
bots and influencers who
spread propaganda on social networks
the modern war is fought primarily with
information
it is a permanent war
between  China and the USA between Iran
and the USA between Russia and the
USA between the three countries of this
axis of disinformation and
different
democracies it is a war that we hear
little about
Insight
[Music]
the trio launched the first joint disinformation campaign
during covid-19  Pandemic that
broke out in the Chinese city of Wohan at the end of 2019 Shortly after the start of the
covid-19 pandemic, their
narratives clearly
agreed that TR was instrumental in the emergence of
an infodemic,
i.e. a disinformation pandemic
in relation to the origin of the
virus, one must not forget
desination
[music]
kills immediately after the outbreak of the pandemic,
Russia spreads false information
about the origin of the
coronavirus in the Russian media, it is
claimed that Sarkov 2 is a
bioweapon developed by the Americans The
biological
weapon in the 2019 calendar year should be noted in all
its history  The covid is in
this biological
weapon, the bioweapons colpted in the Russian state
goes to
certain network
on March 12, 2020, the spokesman
for the Chinese Foreign Ministry adopts the
Russian conspiracy theory that the virus
is of American origin, follow him
on Twitter today almost 2 million
people
美方 進來再次惡意翻炒試驗史洩露稱要就這一問題進行調查動不用心
美國才是擁有世界上規模最大
數量最多的生物試驗的國yes the Chinese spokesman quoted
from Russian sources and Russian
sources gave the statements
from China
again the whole thing seeped into her from top to
bottom to
make the false idea plausible
because the Russian and
Chinese agitators knew
one another To the top of the world
military center that in the
strictest secrecy bioweapons
the mere mention of for hit
a specific one  Circle on open ears
and gave credibility to the story that
the Americans
created the sarskov 2 virus the KGB spread
conspiracy theories about the
origin of AIDS in the 80s
supposedly that the aidvus was
developed in America in a laboratory in for
the people believed the USA had it
this virus developed to kill Africans and
people of color
today it is obvious that this
is a Russification of Chinese
[music]
propaganda we have been observing for years
and this is
turning point that China is openly
adopting all Russian propaganda strategies
that have proven to be efficient
Russia and  China has built a
global ecosystem for disinformation.
They are joining forces and
bringing in other actors such as Iran, which is
supposed to carry out operations for an international audience
I come from the USA and praise Russia and
China's role in the fight against the
virus. Various narratives are being
spread that make people doubt the
truth and the reality of their lives.
That is the Russian
strategy. It is not about one
but about many small drops that erode the
stone  As a
result, over time,
trust in democratic institutions will be
undermined, trust in
reality, trust in
facts. The new thing is that China has
gradually allied itself with Iran and Russia
in order to question the informational
supremacy of the USA and
the West in general
American bioweapons appear again shortly after
the attack on Ukraine in 2022.
Russian Chinese and later
also Iranian media claim that the USA
is producing
biological weapons of mass destruction in laboratories in Ukraine.
Russia has spread these findings about
bioweapons and China has
taken them down
and the Russian
lies and the Russians repeated them  what
China said in order to
gain credibility, in this way they created
a perfidious echo chamber of
lies modeled on the Russian
information war. Russia, China
and Iran are now waging
a comprehensive hybrid war against
the West together and each individually. The CIA and the
secret services of several Western
states are waging a comprehensive hybrid war against the West  The three authoritarian regimes are at the
top of the list of the greatest
[Music]
threats a main target in the
EU, Sweden is an exemplary
peaceful
democracy committed to human rights and has been neutral for two
centuries
these countries work together today in a
way that they did not just a few years ago
We are watching this very closely because
it is of course important for our national security.
Historically, Sweden has been in
Russia's geostrategic sphere of influence since it joined the European Union in
1995.
Sweden has been
a potential target for Russia for centuries
because Sweden is in a region
that is  What is of great importance for Russia's internal security
is specifically the Baltic Sea region
and the
Arctic. It is military
interests that drive Russia, but
also regional power interests.
Russia wants to impose its will on Europe and thus also on
Sweden.
Since its application for membership
in May 2022, Sweden has been more in favor of it  ever
in the Russian crosshairs
[Music]
Representatives of the Russian government
told us if Sweden
joins NATO you will be a target for Russia
a week before the vote.
Turkey, which is the last member of the nation to
block Sweden's accession,
endangers an eventual
negotiations. A right-wing extremist
Swedish politician burns a
Koran  At the Turkish embassy in
Stockholm, he is filmed by
a journalist who belongs to the
pro-Russian network that is said to have financed the action.
This was a so-called active measure
by the Russians to increase the perception of
Islamophobic activities. The
staged
burning of the Koran by a Swede
took place in front of the Turkish embassy
During intensive negotiations
between Turkey and Sweden about
the admission of Sweden into the nativity,
he was moved to this action by a call
that came from one of
these alternative journalists who have
connections to an openly
pro-Russian media group.
This network was previously called
Russian
foreign intelligence the day after  In this
pseudo-media event, Turkey declared that
it would no longer support Sweden's accession to NATO
[music]
in
solubilizing actions, images are created that
the Russian Chinese and
Iranian media are spreading in the Arab
countries.
We know from reliable
sources that Russia is deliberately
spreading disinformation about burning the Koran in order to gain
strength in the Arab world  To
provoke reactions these Koran burnings
made headlines around the world and sparked
angry protests
we know that Russia and Iran have
an interest in portraying Sweden as an
Islamophobic country
this is one of the most complex issues in
this
context of course Russia is
involved of course Iran is
involved but through a proxy that is
their
strategy they have put disinformation into
the world in order to make Sweden an
enemy and to
delay its accession to NATO.
They want to present a democracy
weakened by differences of opinion,
whatever the nature of these
differences of opinion,
weakened by social movements,
violence and terrorist attacks as well as by
the gradual loss of
cohesion and  Trust in the
institutions because everything that
weakens democracies in return weakens authoritarian
regimes
the information war is a fight to the
death between the
democratic and authoritarian
regimes and the authoritarian regimes are
convinced that they win this war
[music]
can leave the consequences of
Russia's active measures  Not long
after the split in
Swedish society,
two Swedish football fans arrive in Brussels in
a terrorist attack.
Only after months of blockade, Turkey will lift
its veto at the end of 2023 in
return for the delivery of
American
fighter jets to ensure the spread of its
propaganda among its own population
Authoritarian states are developing
ever better
surveillance technology. China is the master in
this field and a role model for others.
China has industrial
technological and financial resources
that Russia and Iran do not
have. China is a source
of technology, know-how, engineers and
infrastructure. It offers a
technological advantage over that of its
allies  want to benefit
in July
2017, the Russian and
propaganda authorities visit their Chinese
colleagues, previously unpublished leaks
prove Russia's interest in
Chinese methods of Internet censorship
and the first steps towards cooperation0
[Music] The
principle of working Chinese
gold is
more than
95% solid  информации в российской де
[Music]
иностранногоиво
digover, the Chinese regime has a
whole toolbox for censorship and
repression which it
also exports to its partners as part of trade agreements.
What this digital
toolkit for
repression contains is essentially
surveillance tools that can be used to
identify people
Possibly represent a problem
of digital authoritarianism as you
could call it. The Chinese are exporting
not only to Russia but also to
other
countries. At the beginning of
2023,
Russia is introducing its own surveillance system
called Oculus, following the example of China. Iran has also recently been
supported technologically by a Chinese company
[  Music]
tiandi is the most dangerous company in the
world and nobody knows
it tiandi uses k-enabled cameras that
can detect a person's ethnicity tiandi builds torture devices
like the tiger chair that are used in interrogations
not only in China but all over the
world
the Chinese have tiand the
Products are sold to the Revolutionary Guard, the
secret service and the police in Iran,
where they are now being used against the
protests that have been taking place since then. They are also being used against
the
Frenbeweg ری
و تجههیزات پیشته فرد
شناسای میشه بهش توجه تذکر داده میشه و
بعد ازون فرد با مدارک معرفی میشد به
دستگاه قضیی تا به موضوعش رسیدگی
A Chinese-Iranian
cooperation plan calls for the installation
of 15 million cameras in 28
Iranian cities. The data will
be transmitted to two control centers one in thean one in
China. These technologies are for China
They have become a business, they have developed a dynamic of their own.
China is promoting them among its
partners in order to strengthen other autocracies
and make the world less safe for democracies
Nations
in
Geneva, the
nation's state,
Iran and China are now asserting their
interests more and more often, even if
they are regularly condemned in the Council
Opposition to one because everyone knows about
Chinese
human rights violations
but they
did it. In October
2022, 25 members of the
Human Rights Council are calling for a
commission of inquiry into the persecution of the
Uyghur minority, but
the Chinese delegation supports the
request.
China's influence is so great that
11 states abstain  and 19
voted against an investigative commission, they
refer to a paper that
non-representatives from 50 states
have signed, including Russia and Iran but
also their partners such as Syria, North Korea
and Venezuela.
Among the members there are currently around
Z thirds of real dictatorships or other
authoritarian
systems, we see a certain number
Solidarity between the authoritarian
regimes Human rights violations are
a problem for democracies for many
other countries but
not is the history of the
Human Rights Council that
goes back to 1946. This case reveals the
methods of Chinese influence
in the Human Rights Council, such as the
organization of an exhibition with
beautiful pictures about the life of the
Uighurs or the  Founding of fake
NGOs for more speaking time
China supports contributions from NGOs that are
actually so-called gongos, i.e.
NGOs that are controlled by the Chinese regime.
These quasi-governmental
organizations pretend to
do human rights work
but focus on topics that
are harmless to China, such as
fighting
poverty  sabotage the enormous opportunity that
real NGOs offer China Iran and other
regimes use gongos to sabotage this
system
Strat its in the
Human Rights Council a
double strategy they get as
many countries behind them as possible that support their
position on sensitive issues
and the
problemcheeéfin maximum les termsesi
中國方案是 構建 人類命運共同體
實現供贏 China is actively promoting its own
definition of human rights, which places the
right to prosperity above
individual freedoms, which are considered
less important.
Each country should
formulate human rights for itself. We cannot all
have the same definition, there are
different ones  Values ​​that depend on the level of
development, the traditions and
history of the respective country,
there are only particularisms,
no
universalism, every people must choose the
form of government that
seems most effective to them. Democracy
is clearly one of the worst
forms of government of
all. We are developing a new
concept of human rights
to the greatest extent possible
China is trying to herald the end of
universalism and says there
is no universalistic
legal understanding, Western law
cannot be applied one-to-one to the Chinese
population because they
have a completely different history and
culture than we need  a right that
corresponds to this legacy
At the end of 2023, Iran will take over the chairmanship of the
social forum of the UN
Human Rights Council. China leads four of
15 UN
specialized organizations. They have a
plan and say to themselves we must
work together and form a much larger
coalition with countries around the
world
in addition to destabilizing
democracies  and the relativization of
human rights, the
new authoritarian alliance led by China wants to create an
alternative
existence.
In order to initiate these historical changes
and isolate the West,
China and Russia need a
broader coalition behind them. At the
end of August
2023, they will begin the debate at the bricks summit
in Johannesburg  of their
plan當世界正在經
Brix is ​​of essential
importance the association of emerging
economic powers was created at the end of the
2000s at the instigation of Russia
and China in order to break the dominance of the USA
Brazil India and
South Africa support the
concept They have explored alternative global
structures and asked themselves
Can we collectively acquire sufficient power?
There are countries that hate the USA and the
liberal world order as much as
we do and would be willing to
join forces with us. At the Brigs summit
in Johannesburg, an
expansion was decided after negotiations between
China and Russia on the one hand and
Brazil, India and South Africa  The
other side
also want to join the alliance of the alliance, the long isolated
Islamic
[music]
مطمئن فو س س س ا ا ت ت ت ت فص فص فص فص عد عد نص نص نص نص ص ص ص ص خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو خو
It is a
historic victory, it confirms your
policy of rapprochement with Russia and
China. You must value the capacities and
potential of the Iranian economy very
highly if you are willing to
accept Iran as a new member of this organization alongside China, Russia, India,
South Africa and
Brazil, which itself is a pioneer  of the
future
[music]
world economy the more mischief you do,
the more we come closer together and I'm
not afraid to say that, the more
dangerous we will be for you.
China has aggressively pushed for the
expansion of bricks,
she should show the rest of the world
that it is for  The supply of
bricks is in demand.
This was a great diplomatic victory
for the
Chinese. With the help of the coalition,
China can finally create an economic area
that is independent of the West
because with the new member states,
the alliance represents almost half of the
world's population and a third of
global economic output
Candidates for membership are not even
included
[Music]
in the Brixsland, the fight is
primarily one of the most important pillars of
American dominance, the
dollar. The de-dollarization of the world
is the central theme at the 2023 summit ها
و
تقوازارها بریکس
براخ و تسوه مال
حماstatenben  to the dollar in the long term
through their own efforts.
Transactions in internal trade
are now predominantly in dollars and
euros, which gives
the US sanctions particular
weight because they take effect as soon as payments are
made in US dollars.
Countries such as Iran, Russia and China
want the US to have the opportunity in the long term
To use sanctions worldwide as a political instrument,
they are introducing alternative
mechanisms to circumvent unilateral
US sanctions.
They want to reduce the dominance of the
dollar and make US sanctions
less effective. For
the first time since the end of the
Second World War, some countries are
apparently strong enough to  To create a
dollar-free trade and
financial area
[Music]
China would be immune to
Western sanctions if Taiwan were annexed
[Music] through this alternative space.
This development must be seen against the
background of the Taiwan conflict.
It cannot be ruled out that China will do so
around 2030  will try
to take Taiwan when it has perhaps become the
world's largest economic power.
Until then, the Chinese would like to
have alternative financial mechanisms so that sanctions do not take effect
[music]
in this sanctions-free parallel world
supported by ever-broader
coalitions, China wants Russia and
Iran to be able to pursue their own ambitions
without  Fear of
consequences More and more countries would
support the reunification of China Why because China is becoming
stronger and stronger National
reunification is a global trend
Global and regional wars and
catastrophes do not correspond to the
zeitgeist or the interests of
humanity They are
unpopular while China hopes for the
relaxation of international sanctions
In order to unite Taiwan with the mainland,
Iran presents itself more than
ever as the sharpest opponent of the USA in the
Middle East
[music]
after the attack on October 7th and
Israel's bloody retaliation,
the country is benefiting from the chaos in the
region - the massive injustice is leading to the
people's uprising  in Gaza and the
resistance movement that dealt
a bitter blow to the Zionist rhyme on October 7th,
Iran's stance is anything
but
surprising, they support Hamas and
Hezbolla, they welcome the
development, they present themselves as
champions of the Palestinian cause,
but at the same time they do as much as possible hold back their own army
Encourage
Hezbolla, Hui and Hamas to
continue. Iranian-backed
militias such as Hezbolla in Lebanon or
Hui in Yemen could provoke an escalation
that further destabilizes the West.
Resistance groups have become
important players in the region.
All parties must join in
Shaping their relations and the
security architecture of the region in the
future,
the attackers have a kind of
deadweight effect for all three states. Iran now plays a
central role in the Middle East
and Russia can act as a defender
of an oppressed people,
just as
China is also pursuing Beijing and Moscow
Satisfaction with how international
observers are turning away from Ukraine and Taiwan
towards the Middle
East Russia China and Iran
each benefit
politically from
October 7th in their own way in a world in which the West
is no longer the dominant force,
Iran seems to be more than Russia and China
ever able to achieve their goals
[music]
in the future it will probably boil
down to regional systems that
interact with each other at the top of these
regional systems is the state that
claims control over the area for itself a system led by Iran
in Eurasia a system led by Russia and in
South Asia a system led by China
in such a divided world
Europe has to ask itself what its
own strategic autonomy
is like there is a bloc led by the USA,
a bloc led by China
and a bloc of
developing countries the question to the EU
is it can  form an independent
fourth bloc or does it have to align itself
behind the USA
the EU has long been surrounded by China the wants to separate
Europe from the Western alliance
[music]
China has great interest in
strengthening the friendship with Europe,
expanding trade and
strengthening mutual understanding  Following the Americans
would be Europe's
ruin coalitions are flexible tomorrow
many European and
other states could do this too
the majority of the countries in the world are
neutral or neutrally positive towards us
a
weaker and smaller but
still significant minority of
countries is fighting against us  It
is the old West that has a future, it will
also split up after a certain
time, many countries in the
West and even Europe will join the great
Eurasia.
In this new unstable
time, which is of indefinite duration,
all states will have to rethink their position
[music]
2023 will lead the  NATO is carrying out the
largest military exercises since the end of the
Cold War with 90,000 soldiers
from 31 allied
countries. A small group of soldiers can
take part in times when the
security guarantees of the USA are crumbling
and Europe is  The fact that Ukraine may
have to support Ukraine on its own
raises a strategic
question should the EU also become a military power in the future
because if Putin is
supposed to go to war because there is no longer any further Ukrainian
support from us as Europeans from
the Americans, then that would
also be a fatal sign  other
dictatorships to other autocracies in
this world that you just
have to be brutal enough long enough to oppress your
smaller neighbor
for Europe la the big
question can we show the world that
we are not just a big market
with a currency continent of
itself  can defend and gain respect.
Furthermore, we have to get
more involved in our democracies,
we have to get involved and
openly stand up for universal values.
The authoritarian regimes,
on the other hand, are faced with the challenge of having to
control parts of their population
who are constantly calling for freedom
and victory  believe in democracy
[music]